# Trace
We have discussed how to compare the traces among the reference implementation and the students programs, as they might not produce entirely the same program graphs. To check if they produce the same traces, and hence the graphs are at least isomorphic, we talked about using either backtracking, pre compute all traces, or breath first search with only keeping the matching branches. We have decided on the last one, at is seems to be the easiest to implement without having a big time complexity. If we get the time we might look into a backtracking algorithm.

We have defined the input and output to the interpreter and implemented the algorithm to compare the traces.

## Question: How should we handle division by 0/overflowing in the interpreter?
This is to be decided in the last week...

# Arrays
We have not used arrays in the sign and security analysis until now. As such, we have updated the code to handle arrays in all instances according to the book.

# Program verification?
We had a meeting with Christoph about the program verification task. It has been decided that the students should implement a verifier which computes weakest-precondition and somehow loop invariants should be handled as well. Consequently, we must use z3 to compare the output of the students and our reference implementation. A yes/no answer to if the produce logically equivalent preconditions is sufficient for now.

# Program generation
We must make sure that any power is within some limit which does not produce overflows

# Feedback
We discussed the format of the feedback to the students with Christoph, and decided on MD files with SVG in git.
