# Following the task description
We have implemented the deterministic version of the program graphs (task 2). To test the analysis, we implemented a parser (task 1). We also implemented the interpreter(task 3) and the security analysis (task 6).

## Program graph interpreter

We implemented an interpreter working on concrete memory.

We discussed how to evaluate the students interpreters. The main issue is non-determinism. What we discussed, was that if the students provide the path of execution and final state, we can follow that path, check that it is valid, and that we arrive at the same final state.

We discussed with Alberto the how to handle the 'verification' of the third task. We agreed that it should produce either terminated, stuck or timeout and then the nodes and values as in the task description. The students should furthermore provide the trace which then can be compared to the reference implementation. In the case the trace is not the same, it must be looked at by the teachers themselves. If the time allows it, we will maybe provide a more automatic verification of the task.

## A security analyser for GCL
We talked about providing some code, for which outputs the flows instead of printing them, thus making it easier to check in the test of the programs.

We also discussed having another output than the one in fm4fun, namely the actual flows and list if any are not secure.

# General note
We discussed with Alberto the output format in general of the different tasks. We will provide a code snippet in F# and Rust and then the format for students using other languages, which specifies the output format such that it will be easy to test. Maybe we will also provide a standard for the formatting of the inputs.

# Driving the reference implementation from the tester
We set up infrastructure to pass in the reference implementation, and run it from our tester. This executes the reference implementation with randomly generated inputs, which are then ready by the tester.

# UI
We started working on the UI.

# Environment
We began to define a framework of the different analysis, which we call 'Environment' based on the naming on FM4Fun. These are intended to describe the input/output of different analysis, as well as the related information to generate UI and code to run them automatically.
