## Fix random seed in Inspectify 

Every time you load `Inspectify` you will get a random test case. You can enforce a specific seed of the random test case generator in the URl.

Say that your favourite number is `13`. Then edit the inspectify URL as below.

```bash
...env/Parser?seed=13
```

## Too many warnings?

If you get too many warnings, Inspectify will get upset and may stop compilation. You can silent some of those warnings as follows:

1. Fix all the warnings that stem from your own written code.
2. If warnings come from files generated by the parser generator, do not fix them (don't evan touch those files). Follow instead the below instructions.

Go to file `Grammar.fsy`.

Locate line 

```fsharp
open AST
```

Add `#nowarn "3261"` in a new line, so it now looks like this:

```fsharp
open AST
#nowarn "3261" 
```

If that still gives you issues, try the below

Go to file `Program.fs`.

Locate the first 2 lines:

```fsharp
open System
open System.Text.Json
```

Add `#nowarn "3261"` in a new line, so it now looks like this:

```fsharp
open System
open System.Text.Json
#nowarn "3261"
```


## Infinite compilation loop?

You may have run into an issue, where Inspectify will keep compiling your code again and again (even if you don't edit any files). If that is the case, please report it to us.

Temporary workarounds...

VS Code plugin `F# Language Server` leads to infinite loops
If you have the "infinite loop" issue in inspectify, disable the above mentioned plugin.

Still having issue? Read the below.

Edit `code/run.toml`:

Replace

```bash
watch = ["*.fs", "*.fsl", "*.fsy"]
```

 with
 
```bash
watch = [] #["*.fs", "*.fsl", "*.fsy"]"
```

This will make inspectify stop watching updates on those files.

Everytime you want to compile and try your code, close inspectify and launch it again.
 

## Divergent branches when running the update script?

When running the update script you might see the following message in the terminal.
```bash
hint: You have divergent branches and need to specify how to reconcile them.
hint: You can do so by running one of the following commands sometime before
hint: your next pull:
hint: 
hint:   git config pull.rebase false  # merge
hint:   git config pull.rebase true   # rebase
hint:   git config pull.ff only       # fast-forward only
hint: 
hint: You can replace "git config" with "git config --global" to set a default
hint: preference for all repositories. You can also pass --rebase, --no-rebase,
hint: or --ff-only on the command line to override the configured default per
hint: invocation.
fatal: Need to specify how to reconcile divergent branches.
```

If this is the case run the first line recommended from the message:
```bash
git config pull.rebase false 
```
and after this try to run the update script again.

You might see a window open about a merge message when you run the update script again.
Depending on your system you can add a message and/or just close the window. 